1. Gutman gives plantation owners little credit for these achievement. 
2. He's always trying to ingratiate himself with the teacher. 
3. As my won studies have advanced, I have been increasingly impressed. 
4. The country's population has dwindled to half of its former size. 
5. His grandfather hired two itinerate farm workers. 
6. Unhappily, some of frailties—our need for ever-increasing security among them—are presently maladaptive today. 
7. He has showed xenophobic sentiment to bitterly oppose immigration policy. 
8. Whether this resistance results (resistence the growth of harmful fungi) from exclusion of harmful fungi through competition for sites, from metabolic change involving antibiotic production, or from increased vigor is undetermined. 
9. Mycorrhizal fungi have escaped widespread investigation until recently for two reasons. 
10. The fungi cannot as yet be cultivated in the absence of living root. 
11. Your refusal to answer will be regarded as tantamount to an admission of guilt. 
12. Not even remotely, the additional input of thermal energy into the circulating refrigerant via the evaporator accounts for the difference in the energy equation. 
13. Demand for new machine is outstripping supply. 
14. Even the requirement that biomaterials processed from these materials be nontoxic to host tissue can be meet by techniques derived from studying the reactions of tissue cultures to biomaterials or from short-term implants. 
15. Our fundamental understanding of how implant devices adhere to tissues remains woefully incomplete. 
16. I used to be petrified of spiders when I was a kid. 
17. He drank copious amounts of beer. 
18. Jean Wagner's most enduring contribution to the study of Afro-American poetry is his insistence that it be analyzed in a religious, as well as secular, frame of reference. 
19. The two, he argued, form a symbiotic union in which religious feelings are often applied to racial issues and racial problems are often projected onto a metaphysical plane. 
20. No matter what happens, he always has an air of detachment. 
21. Due to a slight technical hitch the meeting will be starting fifteen minutes later. 
22. She didn't want to take on a job that would entail a lot of travelling. 
23. My interest in painting was purely perfunctory. 
24. My time is too valuanle to waste on frivolous games. 
25. We're all impressed by her ebullient personality. 
26. The charming pastoral scenery attracted plenty of tourists. 
27. I balked at the prospect of spending over 12 hours on the train. 
28. Sushi is a quintessential Japanesse cuisine. 
29. Is English a compulsory subject? 
30. The loss of protein is an obvious feature during senescence. 
31. Having surfeited himself on ice cream, he skipped the dinner. 
32. My friends keep badgering me to buy that washing machine. 
33. The overall task looks forbidding, but the stakes are too high not to undertake. 
34. The new drug has an adverse impact on human healt. 
35. The sun dissipated the mist. 
36. It would be imprudent to put all your eggs in one basket. 
37. The food spplies necessary to sustain the large vent communities, however, must be many times the ordinary fallout. 
38. If such astonishing concentrations of bacteria were typical of vent outflow, then food within the vent would dwarf any contributions from advection. 
39. No other communities on Earth are independent of photosythesis. 
40. Why, then, was it Friedan who became the prophet of women's emancipation in the United States? 
41. The country had entered the silent, fearful fortress of the anticommunist McCarthy years, and Beauvoir was suspected of Marxist sympathies. 
42. A good dictionary is indispensable for learning a foreign languiage. 
43. The educationist advocates analytical thinking, rather than rote learning. 
44. The growing emphasis on deterrence is bound to offer increasing scope for women to become involved in novel types of noncombat military assignments. 
45. Why then the two years that passed before he translated his private misgivings into public dissent. 
46. Members of the union's negotiating team insisted on several changes to the company's proposal before they would support it, making it clear that they would brook no compromise. 
47. Films that critics have slumbered through rarely generate industry excitement, even though the critics' somnolent/lethargic reception may be less the fault of the movie than of its unfortunate time slot near a fatiguing film festival's conclusion. 
48. Even though women in U.S. would not gain right to vote until 1920, throughout the 19-century many feminist goals were gradually realized/achieved, especially the right of married women to control their own property. 
49. A new television documentary focuses on one of the prime minister's defining contradiction portraying her as a woman who cultivated an image of abstemiousness, but who liked to live grandly. 
50. So far, researchers have found no evidence of seasonal breading among vent-dewlling species that provide their offspring with yolk to sustain them or among vent-dwelling species found in areas of the ocean with not seasonal algae blooms. 
51. who's up, who's down and who's chiseling on the side. 
52. By sheer fluke, one of the shipowner's epmployees was in the city.
